Ansible - configuration management tool
Automation - An essential tool for keeping up with the infrastructure needs of a growing business
CFEngine - configuration management tool
Chef - configuration management tool
Idempotent - action can be performed over and over again without changing the system after the first time the action was performed and with no unintended side effects
Infrastructure as Code - The paradigm of storing ​all the configuration for the managed devices in ​version controlled files is known as ​Infrastructure as Code or IaC.When all the configuration necessary to deploy and manage a node in the infrastructure is stored in version control
Managed Configuration - using a configuration management system to handle all ​of the configuration of the devices in your fleet, also known as nodes.
test and repair" paradigm - should only take actions when testing dtermines they need to be done to reach the requested state

Puppet - configuration management tool
More Information About Configuration Management
https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/puppet-best-practices/9781491922996/ch01.html

Puppet Facts - Variables that represent the characteristics of the system
Catalog - The list of rules that are generated for one specific computer once the server has evaluated all variables , conditionals and functions
Domain Specific Language (DSL) - A programming language that's more limited in scope
Module - A collection of manifests and associated data
Node - Any system where we can run a puppet agent
--noop parameter used for - No Operations mode makes Puppet simulate what it would do without actually doing it.
The puppet parser - validate command checks the syntax of the manifest to make sure it's correct.
Resources - The basic unit for modeling the configuration that we want to manage such as user, group, file, service or package.
Resource Relationships - 
When declaring resources initially, we type the resource type in lowercase. When we reference a resource relationship from another file, we capitalize the resource name being referenced.
Production - is the parts of the infrastructure where ​a service is executed and served to its users. ​
Provider - When we declare a resource in our puppet rules. ​We're defining the desired state of that resource in the system. ​The puppet agent then turns the desired state into reality using providers. ​The provider used will depend on the resource defined and ​the environment where the agent is running. 
Scale - can keep achieving larger impacts ​with the same amount of effort

